---
title: "The summer 2024 (August)"
pubDate: 2024-09-05
description: "August was splitted into 2 weeks work and 2 weeks vacation."
author: "Aaron Czichon"
tags: ["Recap", "Personal"]
---

August is in the books and it was a fully packed month for myself. Let's get into it.

## Work

August is a hot month in Canada. I was staying in Montréal until the 18th and the temperatures where something between 27 and 34 degrees. During the nights there where nothing lower than 23. This also affects my work routine.  
Every year in the spring I think about how to challenge hot days in the summer with work. Mostly I come to the conclusion: Yeah it will work it out.  
And usually it does. I get up more early (which helped me this year even more with the time difference to my colleagues), take a longer lunch break and do more in the evenings for work.

August also was special as I released an new version of my [Obsidian plugin](https://aaronczichon.de/blog/26-obsidian-plugin-130/) and the next version is already in planning. I hope that a version 2 is coming until the end of the year.

My dedicated [Canada blog](https://canada.aaronczichon.de) was moved to Cloudflare Pages. It brings preview and branch deployments and protected pages out of the box. The Github integration works so smooth that I'm currently evaluate moving also this website to Cloudflare as well.  
A blog post about the setup is already in the making. So stay tuned for this one.

## Vacation

The second half of August (2 weeks) I had vacation.  
Most people where complaining like "Vacation? Are you not the whole year on a vacation?". No.  
What most people don't see is, that I'm still working full-time while I'm in Canada. Therefore my days are more packed during my time "home" in Germany. This also means that the vacation was really needed. Especially with all the switching between locations and working in parallel my personal pressure was pretty hight.  
I will not complain as I've choose this on my own but vacation was needed.

The 2 weeks of vacation was split into 2 parts.  
In the first week we picked up a RV from Canadream and travelled from Montréal to Toronto along the St. Lawrence River and Lake Ontario.  
Staying in the provincial parks over night, walking up with a view onto the lake, having breakfast in the sun outside and much more. This was really slowing down things and recharge the personal battery.  
From Toronto we flew to Winnipeg and there the second half of the vacation started.  
We travelled through Manitoba and Saskatchewan to Regina, Saskatoon and finally to Calgary.  
Especially Saskatchewan was and is a provincial which wasn't that much on my radar and developed to one of my favorite ones. The endless fields, nice provincial parks and quiet but not to small cities made me loving it.

Now I'm in Calgary where I'm staying until the end of November.

## Statistics

Yeah, let's dive into this part. What are about the statistics of August? Especially with a vacation?

- Hiking was 23,34km (so nearly half of the July)
- Same as in July I went running 5 times (25,35km in total)
- Pace for running was 4min 46sec, which is an improvement to July
- I watched [3 episodes of TV shows and 1 movie](https://trakt.tv/users/inoverse)
- And I consumed more caffeine than in July
